Update Create Project Doc (#453)
astronomer/docs: astro/create-project.md

## Step 1: Create an Astro project

> To create a new Astro project, you must first create an empty directory on your machine. With the desired name of your Astro project, run:
> 
> ```
> mkdir <your-astro-project>
> ```
> 
> Then, navigate to that directory.
> 
> ```
> cd <your-astro-project>
> ```
> 
> Now, initialize an Astro project within that empty directory. To do so, run:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new Astro project, 

1. Run the following command to create a new directory for your Astro project:

```
mkdir <your-astro-project-name>
```

2. Open the directory: 
 
    ```
    cd <your-project-directory>
    ```

3. Run the following command to initialize an Astro project within the directory:
```
